# BlockChyp Ruby SDK


## Getting a Developer Kit

In order to test your integration with real terminals, you'll need a BlockChyp
Developer Kit.  Our kits include a fully functioning payment terminal with
test pin encryption keys.  Every kit includes a comprehensive set of test
cards with test cards for every major card brand and entry method, including
Contactless and Contact EMV and mag stripe cards.  Each kit also includes
test gift cards for our blockchain gift card system.

Access to BlockChyp's developer program is currently invite only, but you
can request an invitation by contacting our engineering team at **nerds@blockchyp.com**.

You can also view a number of long form demos and learn more about us on our [YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCE-iIVlJic_XArs_U65ZcJg).

## Transaction Code Examples

You don't want to read words. You want examples. Here's a quick rundown of the
stuff you can do with the BlockChyp Ruby SDK and a few basic examples.
#### Charge

Executes a standard direct preauth and capture.

```ruby



```
#### Preauthorization

Executes a preauthorization intended to be captured later.

```ruby



```
#### Terminal Ping

Tests connectivity with a payment terminal.

```ruby



```
#### Balance

Checks the remaining balance on a payment method.

```ruby



```
#### Terminal Clear

Clears the line item display and any in progress transaction.

```ruby



```
#### Terms & Conditions Capture

Prompts the user to accept terms and conditions.

```ruby



```
#### Update Transaction Display

Appends items to an existing transaction display Subtotal, Tax, and Total are
overwritten by the request. Items with the same description are combined into
groups.

```ruby



```
#### New Transaction Display

Displays a new transaction on the terminal.

```ruby



```
#### Text Prompt

Asks the consumer text based question.

```ruby



```
#### Boolean Prompt

Asks the consumer a yes/no question.

```ruby



```
#### Display Message

Displays a short message on the terminal.

```ruby



```
#### Refund

Executes a refund.

```ruby



```
#### Enroll

Adds a new payment method to the token vault.

```ruby



```
#### Gift Card Activation

Activates or recharges a gift card.

```ruby



```
#### Time Out Reversal

Executes a manual time out reversal.

We love time out reversals. Don't be afraid to use them whenever a request to a
BlockChyp terminal times out. You have up to two minutes to reverse any
transaction. The only caveat is that you must assign transactionRef values when
you build the original request. Otherwise, we have no real way of knowing which
transaction you're trying to reverse because we may not have assigned it an id
yet. And if we did assign it an id, you wouldn't know what it is because your
request to the terminal timed out before you got a response.

```ruby



```
#### Capture Preauthorization

Captures a preauthorization.

```ruby



```
#### Close Batch

Closes the current credit card batch.

```ruby



```
#### Void Transaction

Discards a previous preauth transaction.

```ruby



```

## Running Integration Tests

The integration tests are standard Ruby Unit Tests.  To run a single test case,
just type `ruby test/heartbeat_test.rb`.


## Contributions

BlockChyp welcomes contributions from the open source community, but bear in mind
that this repository has been generated by our internal SDK Generator tool.  If
we choose to accept a PR or contribution, your code will be moved into our SDK
Generator project, which is a private repository.

## License

Copyright BlockChyp, Inc., 2019

Distributed under the terms of the [MIT] license, blockchyp-ruby is free and open source software.

[MIT]: https://github.com/blockchyp/blockchyp-ruby/blob/master/LICENSE
